---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: james.thomas
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1ozlMAei8MOy0MlfEjHo94sY-4ElaUc9-3aTSy8YkuqU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Encrypting part 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>This lesson we started by looking at president and the things we could do in it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target for this lesson was to get a good idea about prezi and the things I could do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>In the lesson I was able to complete my target as I got a good idea about prezi and what the advantages and disadvantages.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I worked by paying attention to what I was doing and trying everything out that I was able to find on the page. The strategies that I found effective were trying to find out new things that I didn't already know and also getting to know prezi.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning was not entirely focusing on my own work and spent a bit of time looking at other people's work rather than my own. The habits I need to work on is trying to get my work done before looking around at other people's.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will try to pay attention to my work and my work only so that I don't get distracted by other people's. I will improve my learning by just trying to get the work done before looking at my peers work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


